feat: Added discord provider (#70)
keephq/keep: docs/docs/providers/documentation/discord.md

---
sidebar_label: Discord Provider
---

# Discord

:::note Brief Description

> Template Provider is a template for newly added provider's documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord provider is a provider that allows to send notifications to Discord
```

:::

## Inputs
- content: str : Message text to display
- components: list[dict] = []: Adding styling or interactive components like emoji,buttons

## Outputs
*No information yet, feel free to contribute it using the "Edit this page" link the bottom of the page*

## Authentication Parameters
The `webhook_url` associated with the channel requires to trigger the message to the respective channel.

## Connecting with the Provider

> *No information yet, feel free to contribute it using the "Edit this page" link the bottom of the page*

Reviewer: Perhaps add a small instruction on how to get that webhook_url?
